h1. README

In assembla you can use "textile(Textile Basics)":http://bit.ly/textile-basics, "html(Html Basics)":http://bit.ly/html-basics or "markdown(Markdown Basics)":http://bit.ly/markdown-basics to add some sugar to your readme files. Just add the extention to your readme file, so we can recognize the markup you want to use!

# Windows

	The program was developed with the assistance of CodeBlocks IDE. To generate the executable on the platform, 
just open the project file - Labirinto.cbp in CodeBlocks and have compile / build the project. In the IDE will 
own the means of implementing the output file, but the project folder you can also locate the *.exe. 
 
 # Mac OS 

	Not supported yet.
 
# Linux 

	To build the program on the Linux platform, you need some libraries installed on your system. Among them is 
valid highlight of OpenGL and audio (ALUT and OpenAL). In the folder where the source files, you can find the 
makefile. In the terminal, just run the command "make run" in the directory containing the makefile to compile 
the files and start the program correctly. If any of the required libraries are not installed, it will be seen 
the list of warnings/errors, guiding which library should be installed. It is valid to remember that to install 
the libraries for this purpose on the Linux platform, you should seek the names with the suffix "-dev", thereby 
ensuring that the necessary files will be installed. The compilation will be done on silent mode.

* Example of compiling

bc.. puts	$ make
	System: Linux OS
	Compiling...ok
	Cleaning...done.
	Run Amaze.out

	$ make check 
	Checking if all dev packages are installed
	opengl [OK]
	openal [OK]
	glut [OK]
	glui [OK]
	alut [OK]
	glee [OK]

